README.md, before:

# Baselines incl. RUDDER

Uses RUDDER on PPO to solve environments with delayed rewards. Our RUDDER paper is available at [https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07857](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07857). 

Our code is based on the [OpenAI Baselines](https://github.com/openai/baselines) package, in which we included our implementation of RUDDER for PPO for ATARI games with delayed rewards.
Additionally, the [Tensorflow Layer Library (TeLL)](https://github.com/bioinf-jku/tensorflow-layer-library) package (v1.0.0) is required for RUDDER.

RUDDER for PPO2 and documentation for the configuration is located in the folder [baselines/ppo2_rudder](baselines/ppo2_rudder).

Modified/new files:
- baselines/common/atari_wrappers.py
- baselines/common/distributions.py
- baselines/common/vec_env/vec_frame_stack.py
- baselines/ppo2_rudder/
- logger.py
- README.md

Videos are available at:

[![RUDDER - Venture](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CAcDkQsxjgA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAcDkQsxjgA&index=2&list=PLDfrC-Vpg-CzVTqSjxVeLQZy3f7iv9vyY "RUDDER - Venture")

[![RUDDER - Bowling](https://img.youtube.com/vi/-NZsBnGjm9E/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NZsBnGjm9E&list=PLDfrC-Vpg-CzVTqSjxVeLQZy3f7iv9vyY "RUDDER - Bowling")

Commit message:

added info about upcoming tutorial;

README.md, after:

# Baselines incl. RUDDER

Uses RUDDER on PPO to solve environments with delayed rewards. Our RUDDER paper is available at [https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07857](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.07857). 

A quick tutorial on reward redistribution implementation will be added soon.

Our code is based on the [OpenAI Baselines](https://github.com/openai/baselines) package, in which we included our implementation of RUDDER for PPO for ATARI games with delayed rewards.
Additionally, the [Tensorflow Layer Library (TeLL)](https://github.com/bioinf-jku/tensorflow-layer-library) package (v1.0.0) is required for RUDDER.

RUDDER for PPO2 and documentation for the configuration is located in the folder [baselines/ppo2_rudder](baselines/ppo2_rudder).

Modified/new files:
- baselines/common/atari_wrappers.py
- baselines/common/distributions.py
- baselines/common/vec_env/vec_frame_stack.py
- baselines/ppo2_rudder/
- logger.py
- README.md

Videos are available at:

[![RUDDER - Venture](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CAcDkQsxjgA/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAcDkQsxjgA&index=2&list=PLDfrC-Vpg-CzVTqSjxVeLQZy3f7iv9vyY "RUDDER - Venture")

[![RUDDER - Bowling](https://img.youtube.com/vi/-NZsBnGjm9E/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NZsBnGjm9E&list=PLDfrC-Vpg-CzVTqSjxVeLQZy3f7iv9vyY "RUDDER - Bowling")
